HELPSTART=overview


                whiskeyDem


--- Plane Controls ---

To start flying, put cursor in the window, press "w" and use arrows.

The controls are mimiking RC plane controls - left stick controls throttle
and rudder (vertical control on the tail of the plane) and right stick
controls elevator and aelerons. Left stick is represented by letters
"a" "s" "w" "d" on the keyboard (forming convenient cross) and right stick 
is just standard set of arrow keys. Pressing space key freezes the flight (speed=0)
and "Esc" & 'r' resets the plane to initial position.

Mouse also controls the plane, dragging the mouse around central point in the
window controls aelerons and elevator. Releasing left button freezes the flight.

The 'Server' and 'Client' buttons control the networking functions.  Once connected
press 'Enter' anytime to synchronize all simulations.

Thanks to:
	Sun's Java Team
	Sergei Grichine

Authors:
	Daneyand Singley
	Kevin Gorman


HELPSTART=dlgOptions
Here is what you can set in this dialog: 

-- Allow Wireframe
   when plane is moving, rendering of the DEM is switched to wireframe mode.
   this saves the farm on slow computers.

-- Frames Per Second
   here is your chance to know how slow is your computer. 10 works just fine though.

-- Controls sensitivity
   roll, pitch and yaw factors feel right at 0.03, and speed at about 1.0 to 2.0

-- DEM name
   all .dem files in folder ../JavaFlightObjects/DEMs are listed here as Area Names
   (it takes time to load DEMs, please wait patiently after pressing OK)
   Download more DEMs (place them in the folder above) at: 
   http://www.webgis.com/index.html

-- Plane name
   Upon restart a new plane will be loaded.  Some planes are not transformed properly.

Other options that can be set in: config/config.txt
   
-- Bots on
   Set this either to 'true' or 'false' in the config file to turn on an F18 and F14 bot.

-- Server
   Specifies what server you would like to connect to.	

-- Port
   Port number used for communication.

-- Sync after frame
   '-1': No sync.  
    '0': Sync on every frame.  
   '+#': Sync after some number of frames.
   '-2': Uses "best" Method of clearing the nioSyncQ when more data is available in the socket buffer.
   '-3': "Best" method with server frame number.
   '-4': "Best" method with server frame number and debug messages.
 

-- Sim type
   '0': Uses standard Java sockets and threads to implement network features.
   '1': Uses Java NIO sockets and no threads to increase network performance.

Your changes will persist through file config/config.txt

Thanks to:
	Sun's Java Team
	Sergei Grichine

Authors:
	Daneyand Singley
	Kevin Gorman

HELPSTART=moretopic

